= SimpleAuthGenerator

This is a simple generator for authentication and password recovery
for Rails 3.1 and above.

== Why??

While some may scoff at the idea of
doing authentication in an old-school generated way, we've been burned too
many times using authentication methods like plugins, gems, and engines that
went out of date and made upgrading too painful.

We figured that if we have to end up maintaining the authentication code
ourselves anyway, we might as well generate it as files we can maintain
instead of tucking the bits away in a module somewhere. And
nothing prevents you from taking all the generated code and
tucking it away, or using this generator as the basis for your
own system.

== Features

* Passwords stored in the database are encrypted with bcrypt
* Password reset done with a link sent to an email
* Account verification via email
* Generated specs
* Emails are sent in the controllers
* The generator itself has tests
* Influenced heavily by restful_authentication and AuthLogic

== Usage

Add it to your Gemfile under the development group

   gem 'simple_auth_generator', :group => :development

then

   bundle
   bundle exec rails g simple_auth

It generates all the stuff you need.  You can remove the gem from your Gemfile 
and rebundle again if you like, since nothing relies on this generator after
you use it.

== Options

You can specify <tt>--skip-migration</tt> and <tt>--skip-specs</tt>. You can
also call the model something different.

= Licence

See MIT-LICENSE.
